==========================html_markdown=========================
Skip to main content

[Exclusive news, data and analytics for financial market professionalsLearn
more aboutRefinitiv](/differentiator/)

[Reuters home](/)

  * [World](/world/)

  * [Business](/business/)

  * [Markets](/markets/)

  * [Sustainability](/sustainability/)

  * [Legal](/legal/)

  * More

My View

[Sign In](https://www.reuters.com/account/sign-
in/?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Fworld%2Fuk%2Fuks-hunt-cut-taxes-
boost-economy-election-
prospects-2023-11-21%2F)[Register](https://www.reuters.com/account/register/sign-
up/?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Fworld%2Fuk%2Fuks-hunt-cut-taxes-
boost-economy-election-
prospects-2023-11-21%2F&referrer=registration_button&journeyStart=navigation)

  * [Sustainable Finance & Reporting](/sustainability/sustainable-finance-reporting/)
  * [Worker Rights](/tags/worker-rights/)

# Autumn Statement: With eye on election, UK's Hunt cuts taxes in bid to boost
economy

By [David Milliken](/authors/david-milliken/), [Kylie
Maclellan](/authors/kylie-maclellan/) and [Andy Bruce](/authors/andy-bruce/)

November 23, 202312:53 AM GMT+8Updated a day ago

  *   *   * 

  *   *   *   *   * 

0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%

Press shift question mark to access a list of keyboard shortcuts

Keyboard ShortcutsEnabledDisabled

Play/PauseSPACE

Increase Volume↑

Decrease Volume↓

Seek Forward→

Seek Backward←

Captions On/Offc

Fullscreen/Exit Fullscreenf

Mute/Unmutem

Decrease Caption Size-

Increase Caption Size\+ or =

Seek %0-9

Live

00:00

00:00

00:00



  * Summary

  * Hunt cuts social security rate by more than expected
  * Business investment incentive made permanent
  * UK growth outlook downgraded by budget watchdog
  * Tax burden still set to be heaviest since World War Two
  * Conservatives lag Labour before expected 2024 election

LONDON, Nov 22 (Reuters) - British finance minister Jeremy Hunt announced tax
cuts for workers before an expected 2024 election and he gave businesses
permanent investment incentives in an attempt to speed up an economy that
looks stuck in a rut.

Hunt also offered hefty rises in welfare payments and the state pension
alongside the 2 percentage-point decrease in the rate of social security
contributions for employees and a smaller reduction for self-employed workers.

Advertisement · Scroll to continue

The [bigger-than-expected](/world/uk/uks-hunt-cut-national-insurance-rate-
boost-millions-workers-2023-11-22/) cuts will be rushed in to start in
January, potentially giving an early 2024 boost to Prime Minister Rishi
Sunak's Conservatives who are lagging behind the opposition Labour Party in
opinion polls.

"After a global pandemic and energy crisis, we have taken difficult decisions
to put our economy back on track," Hunt told parliament on Wednesday in his
Autumn Statement fiscal update.

Advertisement · Scroll to continue

"Rather than a recession, the economy has grown. Rather than falling as
predicted, real incomes have risen. Our plan for the British economy is
working. But the work is not done."

The government's fiscal forecasters delivered a bleaker assessment.

They said inflation would be more persistent than previously thought and
living standards would remain 3.5% lower in the 2024/25 financial year than
their level before the pandemic.

Advertisement · Scroll to continue

And despite the new tax cuts, the overall burden of taxation was still due to
rise in each of the next five years to reach a post-World War Two high of 38%
of GDP, the Office for Budget Responsibility said - a record likely to leave
many Conservatives uneasy about their prospects in the election.

Labour's would-be finance minister, Rachel Reeves, highlighted the weak growth
outlook.

"After 13 years of the Conservatives, the economy simply isn't working. And
despite all the promises today, working people are still worse off," she said.

## SLUGGISH GROWTH

Britain's economy, like many others, is struggling to grow fast enough to pay
for heavy demands on public spending, from healthcare and education to
defence. On top of that, Hunt has to pay higher interest on a 2.6 trillion-
pound debt pile.

Paul Johnson, director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies think tank, said
debt as a share of GDP was set to fall only slightly over the coming years.

"That really illustrates the huge challenge that we've got: very high levels
of tax, the highest historically that we have had, and apparently not very
much for public services, partly because we're spending so much on that debt
interest," he said.

Hunt pointed to OBR forecasts showing the government would meet its targets
for the public finances, leaving open the possibility of further pre-election
giveaways to voters in his full budget statement expected in early 2024.

But the OBR said that 13 billion pounds ($16.20 billion) of room for manoeuvre
was less than half the average that his predecessors have had since 2010,
laying bare the fiscal constraints on the government.

![Autumn statement of Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Jeremy Hunt, in
London](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/HBTQQWFBBVLURFFOUKLUEE6HRU.jpg)

![Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Hunt leaves 11 Downing Street on his
way to present his Autumn Statement in London](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/TMBEYCVEOBOVBPMBSWKYSCQQLE.jpg)

![Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Hunt leaves 11 Downing Street on his
way to present his Autumn Statement in London](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/ZBYRLSWPRVKEVFMX7FCRQ6KZ2Y.jpg)

![Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Hunt leaves 11 Downing Street on his
way to present his Autumn Statement in London](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/ORWIE4HMERNTTH7GCQ64NECI2Q.jpg)

![British Chancellor of the Exchequer Jeremy Hunt leaves Downing Street in
London, Britain](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/OFPH4R7P4ZMABNZXIXY2RLI3TE.jpg)

 **[1/5]** Chancellor of the Exchequer Jeremy Hunt leaves 11 Downing Street
for the House of Commons to deliver his autumn statement, in London, Britain,
November 22, 2023. Stefan Rousseau/Pool via REUTERS [ Acquire Licensing
Rights](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/licensereuterscontent/?utm_medium=rcom-
article-media&utm_campaign=rcom-rcp-lead)

Hunt said measures in his plan announced on Wednesday would [increase business
investment](/world/uk/uks-hunt-makes-business-investment-tax-break-permanent-
growth-quest-2023-11-22/) by around 20 billion pounds ($25 billion) a year
within a decade, or nearly 1% of GDP.

"That is the biggest ever boost for business investment in modern times," he
said.

Johnson at the IFS said that change would help the economy over the longer
term.

"Not all of this Autumn Statement, by any means, was just a pre-election
bribe," he said. "There's real stuff in here aimed genuinely at getting the
economy growing."

## WEAK GROWTH

But in the short term, Britain's economy looks set to grow only slowly.

Gross domestic product is expected to expand by 0.7% in 2024, much weaker than
the 1.8% forecast in the OBR's previous outlook, published in March.

The OBR also said economic output would grow by 1.4% in 2025 and by 1.9% in
2026 - weaker than its previous forecasts of 2.5% and 2.1% respectively.

![Reuters Graphics](https://graphics.reuters.com/BRITAIN-
BUDGET/akveawbrmvr/chart.png)

Reuters Graphics

Britain's economy has struggled with high inflation and the new OBR forecasts
showed the consumer price index was expected to rise by 2.8% next year, up
from the March forecast of 0.9%.

Some economists said there was a risk that the tax cuts, combined with a big
increase in the minimum wage announced on Tuesday, could fan inflation which
the Bank of England has sought to quash by taking interest rates to a 15-year
high.

"It may be excessive to think it will trigger higher interest rates but
potentially it could delay the point next year when the (BoE) moves to bring
rates down," Philip Shaw, UK chief economist at Investec, said.

Sunak this week promised "responsible" tax cuts, mindful of last year's "mini-
budget" turmoil in financial markets triggered by his predecessor Liz Truss's
plans for much bigger tax cuts.

This time last year, the newly installed Sunak and Hunt raised taxes sharply
to quell the bond market mayhem.

The OBR's new forecasts pointed to a slightly slower pace of government
borrowing in the coming years - on average 700 million pounds less per year
than forecast in March.

![Reuters Graphics](https://graphics.reuters.com/BRITAIN-
BUDGET/lgvdlzdexvo/chart.png)

Reuters Graphics

($1 = 0.8025 pounds)

Additional reporting by Muvija M, Paul Sandle, Sarah Young, William James,
Elizabeth Piper, Alistair Smout, Andrew MacAskill, James Davey, Suban Abdulla,
Farouq Suleiman and Kate Holton; Graphics by Sumanta Sen; Writing by William
Schomberg; Editing by Catherine Evans

Our Standards: [The Thomson Reuters Trust
Principles.](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/about-us/trust-principles.html)

  *   *   *   *   * 

[ Acquire Licensing Rights, opens new
tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/licensereuterscontent/?utm_medium=rcom-
article-media&utm_campaign=rcom-rcp-lead)

## Read Next

  * [![APEC Summit in San Francisco](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/VFYXYU6THNPGZAMM4X5YY6IJHU.jpg)](/business/energy/indonesia-launches-first-carbon-storage-project-west-papua-2023-11-24/)

[Businesscategory](/business/)[Indonesia launches first carbon storage project
in West Papua](/business/energy/indonesia-launches-first-carbon-storage-
project-west-papua-2023-11-24/)

Indonesia's President Joko Widodo on Friday launched construction of a carbon
capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS)project in West Papua province operated
by BP Plc , the country's first carbon storage project.

  * [![A woman looks at items at a shop in Tokyo](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/2UTCS4LPBZP5TEYJNLAMWI5QAI.jpg)](/markets/asia/japanese-inflation-picks-up-boj-pivot-bets-grow-2023-11-23/)

[Macro Matterscategory](/markets/macromatters/)[Japanese inflation picks up as
BOJ pivot bets grow](/markets/asia/japanese-inflation-picks-up-boj-pivot-bets-
grow-2023-11-23/)

Japan's core consumer price growth picked up slightly in October, after easing
the previous month.

  * [![The Amazon logo at the company logistics center in Lauwin-Planque, France](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/46AUGXQPORJWLOYNP537WO26LY.jpg)](/business/retail-consumer/german-union-verdi-calls-strikes-amazon-black-friday-2023-11-23/)

[World at Workcategory](/business/world-at-work/)[German union Verdi calls for
strikes at Amazon on Black Friday](/business/retail-consumer/german-union-
verdi-calls-strikes-amazon-black-friday-2023-11-23/)

German trade union Verdi has called on members to go on strike at five Amazon
distribution centres across Germany on Black Friday, it said in a statement on
Thursday.

  * [![Interior of the Lloyd's of London building is seen in the City of London financial district](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/WTMZ2ODHD5OMROALNPF65OSPIM.jpg)](/sustainability/lloyds-london-consults-members-net-zero-approach-2023-11-23/)

[Sustainable Marketscategory](/tags/sustainable-markets/)[Lloyd's of London
consults members on net-zero approach](/sustainability/lloyds-london-consults-
members-net-zero-approach-2023-11-23/)

Lloyd's of London said it has launched a consultation amongst member firms on
how to insure the low-carbon transition over the next three years across
underwriting, investments, exposure management and capital and reserving.

  * [Businesscategory](/business/)[Italy bank workers get $474 monthly pay rise under new contract](/business/finance/italy-bank-workers-get-474-monthly-pay-rise-under-new-contract-2023-11-23/)

Italian banks and the sector's unions on Thursday signed a new labour contract
that will increase workers' pay on average by a gross 435 euros ($474) a month
starting from December, the main banking union said.

  * [![Illustration shows Barclays Bank logo](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/XU5DN3S5EJOE3DLNAIMWLF44RA.jpg)](/business/finance/barclays-working-125-bln-cost-plan-could-cut-up-2000-jobs-source-2023-11-23/)

[World at Workcategory](/business/world-at-work/)[Exclusive: Barclays working
on $1.25 billion cost plan, could cut up to 2,000 jobs
-source](/business/finance/barclays-working-125-bln-cost-plan-could-cut-
up-2000-jobs-source-2023-11-23/)

Barclays is working on plans to save as much as 1 billion pounds ($1.25
billion), which could involve cutting as many as 2,000 jobs, mainly in the
British bank's back office, a person with direct knowledge of the proposals
told Reuters.

[![LSEG Workspace](https://cloudfront-us-
east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/AE6BNNRLSVAQTFG5XHTC4AV6YI.jpg)](https://www.refinitiv.com/en/products/refinitiv-
workspace/?utm_source=reuters.com&utm_medium=articlebanner&utm_campaign=Reuters_ProductPage_Links)

##

Newsletter|Every weekday.

Reuters Daily Briefing

The day's top news in your inbox. We cover the world, from front lines to
boardrooms. (This includes the Reuters Weekend Briefing.)

Sign up

## More from Reuters

Five stories you need to know about today(1:17) -November 22, 2023[Watch more
videos](//www.reuters.com/video/)![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/543be892-c25b-41be-8e29-d311b2ff09dc/1_th.jpg?crop=571:321,smart&width=571&height=321&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)

1/1 Skip Ad Continue watching after the ad Visit Advertiser websiteGO TO PAGE

NEXT StayNext 00:00 01:16 Off English (United States) 360p 720p HD 1080p HD
Auto (360p) About Connatix V385402 About Connatix V385402 EXPLORE MORE Five
stories you need to know about today 01:17 ![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/543be892-c25b-41be-8e29-d311b2ff09dc/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Unidentified Palestinians buried in mass grave in Gaza 01:24
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/8c518187-2c79-4d16-834d-489584bd486f/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Israeli raid damages homes in West Bank 00:57 ![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/8fe7c9d7-307e-418c-a294-20396a4777fd/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
As men fight, women keep Ukraine coal mines going 02:05
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/f8cc4a03-ddb9-4997-96cf-225a3f63aa2d/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Survivors flee Israeli airstrike in Khan Younis 00:57
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/4c28f17b-0917-4427-90fa-a73c0c8597f1/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Inside a hospital tunnel Israel says hid Hamas fighters 01:29
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/b23ddcb9-e0ec-4727-b5a0-b7f6077a2abc/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
UN urges Pakistan to halt expelling Afghans in winter 02:30
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/df2a1904-8587-419a-924b-2893bc29846d/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Terrorism ruled out in car crash at US-Canada border 01:56
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/3760edaa-3c6a-4cb1-af81-7f656d5f320d/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
Finland to close most border crossings with Russia 01:58
![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/417b7483-609e-41d8-aecf-f130f7e55981/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)
North Korea scraps military deal with South 02:00 ![](//img.connatix.com/pid-
aff83c07-ac06-4ba6-af0e-2ddf8dbbe3fa/f6200b7b-f1b3-4c4a-9f32-3ed374eba25f/1_th.jpg?crop=80:80,smart&width=80&height=80&format=jpeg&quality=60&fit=crop)

## [World](/world/)

  * [![The government of new Romanian Prime Minister Marcel Ciolacu won a parliamentary confidence vote](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/MHW545B36FITLEQUSIHC5K3GQY.jpg)](/world/europe/romania-is-not-ready-uphold-same-sex-couples-rights-pm-2023-11-23/)

### [Romania is not ready to uphold same-sex couples' rights -
PM](/world/europe/romania-is-not-ready-uphold-same-sex-couples-rights-
pm-2023-11-23/)

[Europecategory](/world/europe/) · November 24, 2023 · 7:28 AM GMT+8

Romanian society is not ready to uphold the rights of same-sex couples in line
with a European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ruling, leftist Prime Minister
Marcel Ciolacu said late on Thursday.

  * [![ICC ruling on former Ivory Coast President Gbagbo and former Youth Minister Ble Goude in the Hague](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/R4HXQUMPQRLL5NAUBRVZXJVRCU.jpg)](/world/philippines-considers-return-fold-international-criminal-court-2023-11-24/)

[Worldcategory](/world/)

### [Philippines considers return to "fold" of International Criminal
Court](/world/philippines-considers-return-fold-international-criminal-
court-2023-11-24/)

11:15 AM GMT+8

  * [![Cuban Communist Youth Union holds rally in support of Palestinians in Gaza.](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/5KR3O2USHBPWPN4IGOGP4ANEUE.jpg)article with gallery](/world/cuba-stages-pro-palestine-march-past-us-embassy-havana-2023-11-23/)

[Worldcategory](/world/)

### [Cuba stages pro-Palestine march past US embassy in Havana](/world/cuba-
stages-pro-palestine-march-past-us-embassy-havana-2023-11-23/)

7:12 AM GMT+8

  * [![Andrew Tate delivers a press statement outside his house](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/SGLILC2ZABIDZFPRZOG5N5YIMY.jpg)](/world/europe/romanian-judge-loosens-restrictions-influencer-andrew-tate-2023-11-23/)

[Europecategory](/world/europe/)

### [Romanian judge loosens restrictions on influencer Andrew
Tate](/world/europe/romanian-judge-loosens-restrictions-influencer-andrew-
tate-2023-11-23/)

November 23, 2023

  * [![Ko Wen-je, Taiwan People's Party \(TPP\) chairman and presidential candidate with Cynthia Wu](https://cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/WK6JY7L2XRN5FG27R4WDXA5BAM.jpg)article with gallery](/world/asia-pacific/taiwan-opposition-parties-name-vp-candidates-after-unity-talks-collapse-2023-11-24/)

[Asia Pacificcategory](/world/asia-pacific/)

### [Taiwan opposition parties name VP candidates after unity talks
collapse](/world/asia-pacific/taiwan-opposition-parties-name-vp-candidates-
after-unity-talks-collapse-2023-11-24/)

11:46 AM GMT+8 · Updated 40 min ago

## Site Index

### Latest

  * [Home](/)

### Browse

  * [World](/world/)
  * [Business](/business/)
  * [Markets](/markets/)
  * [Sustainability](/sustainability/)
  * [Legal](/legal/)
  * [Breakingviews](/breakingviews/)
  * [Technology](/technology/)
  * [Investigations, opens new tab](/investigates/)
  * [Sports](/sports/)
  * [Science](/science/)
  * [Lifestyle](/lifestyle/)

### Media

  * [Videos, opens new tab](https://www.reuters.com/video/)
  * [Pictures](https://www.reuters.com/pictures/)
  * [Graphics, opens new tab](https://www.reuters.com/graphics/)

### About Reuters

  * [About Reuters, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/about/about-us/)
  * [Careers, opens new tab](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/careers.html)
  * [Reuters News Agency, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/?utm_source=website&utm_medium=reuters&utm_campaign=site-referral&utm_content=us&utm_term=0)
  * [Brand Attribution Guidelines, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/brand-attribution-guidelines/)
  * [Reuters Leadership, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/about/leadership-team/)
  * [Reuters Fact Check, opens new tab](/fact-check/)
  * [Reuters Diversity Report, opens new tab](https://static.reuters.com/resources/media/editorial/20210405/DiversityReportApril2021.pdf)

### Stay Informed

  * [Download the App (iOS), opens new tab](https://apps.apple.com/app/reuters-news/id602660809)
  * [Download the App (Android), opens new tab](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thomsonreuters.reuters)
  * [Newsletters, opens new tab](https://reuters.com/newsletters/)

## Information you can trust

Reuters, the news and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the world’s
largest multimedia news provider, reaching billions of people worldwide every
day. Reuters provides business, financial, national and international news to
professionals via desktop terminals, the world's media organizations, industry
events and directly to consumers.

## Follow Us

  * [](https://www.twitter.com/Reuters)
  * [](https://www.facebook.com/Reuters)
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/Reuters)
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/user/ReutersVideo)
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/10256858/)

## Thomson Reuters Products

  * [Westlaw, opens new tab](https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/westlaw)

Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor
expertise, and industry defining technology.

  * [Onesource, opens new tab](https://tax.thomsonreuters.com/en/onesource)

The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding
tax and compliance needs.

  * [Checkpoint, opens new tab](https://tax.thomsonreuters.com/en/checkpoint)

The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance
professionals.

## LSEG Products

  * [Workspace, opens new tab]( https://www.refinitiv.com/en/products/refinitiv-workspace/?utm_source=reuters.com&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=Reuters_ProductPage_Links)

Access unmatched financial data, news and content in a highly-customised
workflow experience on desktop, web and mobile.

  * [Data Catalogue, opens new tab]( https://www.refinitiv.com/en/financial-data/?utm_source=reuters.com&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=Reuters_DataCatalogPage_Links)

Browse an unrivalled portfolio of real-time and historical market data and
insights from worldwide sources and experts.

  * [World-Check, opens new tab](https://www.refinitiv.com/en/products/world-check-kyc-screening/?utm_source=reuters.com&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=Reuters_ProductPage_Links)

Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover
hidden risks in business relationships and human networks.

  * [Advertise With Us, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/services/advertising-solutions/)
  * [Advertising Guidelines, opens new tab](/info-pages/advertising-guidelines/)
  * [Coupons, opens new tab](https://www.reuters.com/coupons/)
  * [Acquire Licensing Rights, opens new tab](https://www.reutersagency.com/en/licensereuterscontent/?utm_medium=rcom-footer&utm_campaign=rcom-rcp-lead)

  * [Cookies, opens new tab](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/privacy-statement.html#cookies)
  * [Terms of Use, opens new tab](/info-pages/terms-of-use/)
  * [Privacy, opens new tab](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/privacy-statement.html)
  * [Digital Accessibility, opens new tab](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/policies/digital-accessibility-policy.html)
  * [Corrections, opens new tab](/info-pages/contact-us/)
  * [Site Feedback, opens new tab](https://trdigital.iad1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_8kte8gArGyCGVhz)

All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. [See here for a complete list of
exchanges and delays.](https://www.reuters.com/info-pages/disclaimer/)

© 2023 Reuters. [All rights
reserved](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/policies/copyright.html)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1586315481640631&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![Reuters
Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/dbf5ae8a-0a6a-4f4b-b527-7f94d0de6bbc/832341a0-c51b-47e9-ab89-aa5355568171/bf48f6de-6912-476c-9aee-2ef9dc4dc07d/r_h_lg_rgb_ps_copy.png)

## CCPA Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information

Please note that opting-out may not mean you will stop seeing advertisements.
Additionally, in the event you opt-out under CCPA, but do not opt out of
interest-based advertising more generally, you may still receive
advertisements tailored to your interests based upon your Personal
Information. For more information about your rights as a California consumer
and to learn more about our use of interest-based advertising and additional
opt-out choices, please see our [Privacy
Statement](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/privacy-
statement.html#california).  
  
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect
information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences
or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to
and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not
to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the
site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category
headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your
preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies
as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website
(such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log
into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more
information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this
[link](https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/privacy-statement.html#cookies).

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to
block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not
then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

  * ##### Functional Cookies

Always Active

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Sale of Personal Data

Always Active

Sale of Personal Data

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of
the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect
information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted
ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal
information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to
offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to
any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for
further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this
Exercise My Rights link.  
  
If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we
have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be
able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to
personalize ads according to your preferences.

  * ##### Performance Cookies

Always Active

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

  * ##### Targeting Cookies

Always Active

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=7252553e-aef6-4b24-849e-cb28b1496176&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=2c641a81-0502-40b3-ba26-4623875e2101&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Fworld%2Fuk%2Fuks-
hunt-cut-taxes-boost-economy-election-
prospects-2023-11-21%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o61xp&type=javascript&version=2.3.29)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=7252553e-aef6-4b24-849e-cb28b1496176&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=2c641a81-0502-40b3-ba26-4623875e2101&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Fworld%2Fuk%2Fuks-
hunt-cut-taxes-boost-economy-election-
prospects-2023-11-21%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o61xp&type=javascript&version=2.3.29)![](https://ad-
delivery.net/px.gif?ch=2)![](https://ad.doubleclick.net/favicon.ico?ad=300x250&ad_box_=1&adnet=1&showad=1&size=250x250)![](https://ad-
delivery.net/px.gif?ch=1&e=0.03283284695829658)![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Fri%2C%2024%20Nov%202023%2004%3A26%3A26%20GMT&n=-8&b=Autumn%20Statement%3A%20With%20eye%20on%20election%2C%20UK's%20Hunt%20cuts%20taxes%20in%20bid%20to%20boost%20economy%20%7C%20Reuters&.yp=10160484&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Fworld%2Fuk%2Fuks-
hunt-cut-taxes-boost-economy-election-
prospects-2023-11-21%2F&enc=UTF-8&us_privacy=1---&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)


==========================html_markdown=========================
